Four-part tutorial series for tasks (#564)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/tutorials/tasks-1.md

* Complete the [Contact and User Management - Part 1 Tutorial]({{< ref "apps/tutorials/contact-and-users-2" >}}) to create a hierarchy of contacts and an offline CHW user. 
* Read [Understanding the data available in tasks and targets]({{< ref "apps/guides/tasks/task-schema-parameters" >}})

## A simple task

The appearance, behaviour, and schedule of tasks are all controlled through the JavaScript in the `tasks.js` file. Let's start in that file with a simple first task:

```javascript
module.exports = [{
  name: 'assessment-after-registration',
  title: 'First Assessment',
  icon: 'icon-healthcare',
  appliesTo: 'contacts',
  appliesToType: ['patient'],
  appliesIf: c => user.parent && user.parent.contact_type === 'chw_area' && !c.contact.date_of_death && !c.contact.muted,
  actions: [{ form: 'assessment' }],
  events: [{
    start: 7,
    days: 7,
    end: 0,
  }],
}];
```

> **What is this code doing?**

Reviewer: We could shorten this section by linking to the [tasks.js](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/reference/tasks/#tasksjs) reference and having a shorter summary here. It would mean (hopefully) we'd have to maintain one less document if something is updated in [reference/tasks](https://docs.communityhealthtoolkit.org/apps/reference/tasks/#tasksjs).

Author: The [angular tutorials](https://angular.io/tutorial/toh-pt2#displaying-heroes) you linked do this... a line-by-line description of what's going on. I personally find it very helpful. The difference is an "abstract description of what can happen" vs a literal description of what is happening for this exact case.

* `events[0].start` - The task event should appear 7 days before the due date, or immediately when the contact is created.
* `events[0].end` - The task event should disappear the day after the due date.

## Uploading the task

To run the `tasks.js` code, you'll need to load the code into your running CHT application. 

```zsh
cht --url=https://<username>:<password>@localhost
```

or for a faster experience, compile and upload only the relevant changes:

```zsh
cht --url=https://<username>:<password>@localhost compile-app-settings upload-app-settings
```

## Testing the task

Tasks are only available to [offline users]({{< ref "apps/concepts/users#offline-users" >}}). To view and test this simple task, you'll need to login as an offline user like the CHW-level user created in the [Contact and User Management - Part 1 Tutorial]({{< ref "apps/tutorials/contact-and-users-1" >}}). Once logged in, sync to make sure you have the latest configuration. You may be prompted to reload the application. 

Create a new contact in the hierarchy and navigate to the `Tasks` tab. You should see the new `assessment-after-registration` task!

> ![first-task](first-task.jpg "First Assessment Task")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< figure src="first-task.jpg" link="first-task.jpg" >}}
```
The image here isn't loading. Try this instead.

Next, test a few of the expected behaviours for the task:

* Confirm that clicking on the task causes the _assessment app form_ to load.
* Confirm that completing the _assessment app form_ causes the task to disappear.
* Move your system clock forward 7 days and reload the tasks tab. You should see that the task is now "Due Today".
* Move your system clock forward 8 days and reload the tasks tab. The task should disappear since the 7 day window has expired.
* Login as a supervisor user. You should not be able to see the task.
* The task should not appear only for patients - not for places or CHWs.
* If you mute a contact or [report the contact dead]({{< ref "apps/tutorials/death-reporting" >}}), the task should disappear.

> Hint: Remember to reset your system clock to be accurate when you are done testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Note" %}} Remember to reset your system clock to be accurate when you are done testing. {{% /alert %}}
```
